WIP - OADP 2419 Release Notes and Update Notes fixed (#67404)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-upgrading-oadp-operator-1-2-0.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="upgrading-dpa-operator-1-2-0_{context}"]
= Upgrading the OADP Operator

> Use the following sequence when upgrading the OADP Operator:
> 
> . Change your subscription channel for the OADP Operator from `stable-1.1` to `stable-1.2`.
> . Allow time for the Operator and containers to update and restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure

. Change your subscription channel for the OADP Operator from `stable-1.1` to `stable-1.2`.
. Allow time for the Operator and containers to update and restart.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="upgrading-dpa-operator-1-2-0_{context}"]
= Upgrading the OADP Operator

Use the following sequence when upgrading the OADP Operator.

.Procedure
. Change your subscription channel for the OADP Operator from `stable-1.1` to `stable-1.2`.
. Allow time for the Operator and containers to update and restart.

> For general Operator upgrade instructions, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{product-y}/operators/admin/olm-upgrading-operators.html[Updating installed Operators].

Author: I was asked by your reviewer to include it. I will now take it out.

> For general Operator upgrade instructions, see xref:../../operators/admin/olm-upgrading-operators.adoc#olm-changing-update-channel_olm-upgrading-operators[Updating installed Operators].

Reviewer 2: You can't have an xref in a module. This needs to be in an `.Additional resources` section in the assembly.

Author: I moved it to the assembly.
